Snowflake Quickstart Guide: Add common grants troubleshooting tip (#6587)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/snowflake-qs.md

        ```
    - In the command line bar at the bottom, enter `dbt run` and click **Enter**. You should see a `dbt run succeeded` message.

:::warning

> If you receive an insufficient privileges error on Snowflake at this point, it may be because your Snowflake role doesn't have permission to access the raw source data, to build target tables and views, or both. To troubleshoot, use a role with sufficient privileges (like `ACCOUNTADMIN`) and run the following commands in Snowflake:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an insufficient privileges error on Snowflake at this point, it may be because your Snowflake role doesn't have permission to access the raw source data, to build target tables and views, or both. 

To troubleshoot, use a role with sufficient privileges (like `ACCOUNTADMIN`) and run the following commands in Snowflake. 

**Note**: Replace `snowflake_role_name` with the role you intend to use. If you launched dbt Cloud with Snowflake Partner Connect, use `pc_dbt_role` as the role.
```

> If you receive an insufficient privileges error on Snowflake at this point, it may be because your Snowflake role is not permitted to access the raw source data, to build target tables and views, or both. If this happens, you may consider troubleshooting by running the following commands in Snowflake using a role with sufficient privilieges (e.g., `ACCOUNTADMIN`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an insufficient privileges error on Snowflake at this point, it may be because your Snowflake role doesn't have permission to access the raw source data, to build target tables and views, or both. To troubleshoot, use a role with sufficient privileges (like `ACCOUNTADMIN`) and run the following commands in Snowflake:
```

```

> grant all on database raw to role <snowflake_role>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant all on database raw to role snowflake_role_name;
```

> grant all on database analytics to role <snowflake_role>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant all on database analytics to role snowflake_role_name;
```

> grant all on schema raw.jaffle_shop to role <snowflake_role>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant all on schema raw.jaffle_shop to role snowflake_role_name;
```

> grant all on schema raw.stripe to role <snowflake_role>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant all on schema raw.stripe to role snowflake_role_name;
```

> grant all on all tables in database raw to role <snowflake_role>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant all on all tables in database raw to role snowflake_role_name;
```

> grant all on future tables in database raw to role <snowflake_role>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant all on future tables in database raw to role snowflake_role_name;
```

```

> Note to replace `<snowflake_role>` with the role you intend to use. If you launched dbt Cloud with Partner Connect, then this role will be `pc_dbt_role`.

Reviewer: @boxysean wanted to confirm pc_dbt_role is the actual role the user should use and isn't a placeholder

```suggestion
Note, replace `snowflake_role_name` with the role you intend to use. If you launched dbt Cloud with Snowflake Partner Connect, use `pc_dbt_role` as the role.
```

        ```
    - In the command line bar at the bottom, enter `dbt run` and click **Enter**. You should see a `dbt run succeeded` message.

> :::warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```

        ```
    - In the command line bar at the bottom, enter `dbt run` and click **Enter**. You should see a `dbt run succeeded` message.

:::warning
If you receive an insufficient privileges error on Snowflake at this point, it may be because your Snowflake role doesn't have permission to access the raw source data, to build target tables and views, or both. 

To troubleshoot, use a role with sufficient privileges (like `ACCOUNTADMIN`) and run the following commands in Snowflake. 

**Note**: Replace `snowflake_role_name` with the role you intend to use. If you launched dbt Cloud with Snowflake Partner Connect, use `pc_dbt_role` as the role.

```
grant all on database raw to role snowflake_role_name;
grant all on database analytics to role snowflake_role_name;

grant all on schema raw.jaffle_shop to role snowflake_role_name;
grant all on schema raw.stripe to role snowflake_role_name;

grant all on all tables in database raw to role snowflake_role_name;
grant all on future tables in database raw to role snowflake_role_name;
```

> Note, replace `snowflake_role_name` with the role you intend to use. If you launched dbt Cloud with Snowflake Partner Connect, use `pc_dbt_role` as the role.

Reviewer: moving this before code snippet so users are clear about placeholders
```suggestion
```
